Well, we have arrived at another built-
in type that TypeScript includes,
and that is Pick.
So if we look at the built in pick up
here, and the pick properties that
we made, they're basically the same
type parameter names aside.
ValueType is going to be the T,
as you can see it here and
you can see here,ValueType is here, and
here or also, there's a Keyof T and
a Keyof ValueType, and
then here we're creating over the keys.
So that's how pick works.
It like where for record,
we just needed the map type.
Here we're using this
indexed access type to grab
something off of something else,
if that makes sense.
We're using that square bracket notation.
We're saying, here's document,
give me document, right?
Record if we look at it one more time,
it was just a consistent thing we
were always placing there, like,
it's always going to be the same.
Whereas here we're kind of like
Were using a different key.
And so as a result, what comes out like
these are obviously different types.
Document, navigator, set timeout.
That's what this index access type
gives us when used with a map type.
Let's talk about mapping modifiers.
These are just kind of something
potentially to memorize or
just remember that it exists, but
not not an incredibly abstract concept.
So, the way to think about this is,
as we loop over in our map type,
as we loop over all the keys,
we have the option to determine
whether the ValueType should
be read only or optional.
There are two independent things.
You can be read only and optional or
you can be non optional and
writable like they're totally independent.
So, you're gonna see that we
will find a question mark
in some of these code example and
the word read only.
So here, this is a built in type.
We're going straight to the built in
types here because these are kind of less
interesting to build up.
But this is the key.
This is the thing that makes
partial different from pick.
While there are a couple things,
first off.
Pick, lets see you specify
which keys you would like.
Here, we're iterating over
all the keys in type T.
And over here, we're saying
the value may or may not be there.
So that's partial, and
this is the opposite of partial.
The only thing that changes
is we have a minus sign.
It's almost like we're removing
the optionalness as we loop over.
This is a very weird thing like,
a rare thing to for
you to put into your own types.
But that's how this works, right?
It's just that and then read only here.
So this would,
it doesn't really freeze the object.
Just remember that TypeScript disappears
as part of your build process.
And so at runtime like this might
actually be a writable thing.
But this would type check it.
So create a version of
something that is read only.
Maybe it's an options,
object that you're passing to function or
some object you're passing in a function.
You want to make sure
that you don't modify it,
like mutate the thing that you were
passed, you might make it read only so
that when you receive it,
you'll be called out.
If you ever try to mess with something
that really should live in your stack,
right?
Now there's no built in type for
removal of read only you could
implement it like this, but
is not necessarily a good idea.
It's probably if someone made something
read only, might want to figure out what
that reason is they probably
don't want it messed with.
But just showing you that there
is continuity here in terms of
question mark and read only they
both work with this minus sign.
Just know that the positioning of these.
So this is fairly easy to remember
because it's the same location of that
question marked as optional class fields
or optional object literal properties.
And read only that's always
to the left cuz it's kind
of like where you would put an access
modifier keyword in a class field or
a method it's like public
read only function,.